c24 translation update (#133)
IllusionMods/KoikatsuTranslation: translation/en/RedirectedResources/assets/abdata/h/list/20_00/personality_voice_c24_00_00/translation.txt

恥ずかしいです……♡=It's embarrassing...♡
好きな人の顔が目の前にあるって、安心しちゃいますね♡=Having the face of the person you love right in front of you is really relieving, don't you think?♡
今日も素敵ですよ♡=You're so lovely today too♡

> 私の視界があなたで埋め尽くされています♡２４時間こうだったらいいのに……♡=My entire field of vision is full of you♡ If only we could stay like this 24x7...♡

Author: ```suggestion
私の視界があなたで埋め尽くされています♡２４時間こうだったらいいのに……♡=My entire field of vision is full of you♡ If only we could stay like this 24/7...♡
```
